So time to dive deeper into your rest APIs and build a complete project or a complete back end for a
project as a rest API.
And in this project, we'll have a look at things like authentication and other interesting things like
image upload and so on.
So what's in this module in detail?
We'll plan our rest API or I'll show you the project for which we'll need one and we'll then build it
together, of course.
So in detail we will implement all the CRUD operations our project needs.
So creating, reading, updating and deleting items in the database and so on.
That is what we'll do here.
We'll define all the rest API endpoints for this and so on.
We'll add validation on the server side to make sure that only valid data gets stored in our database.
We'll add image upload so that we still can store images even though we're not rendering views anymore.
And finally, I'll also dive into authentication, which will be very important and very interesting
too.
So let's dive in.